ARTICLE TYPE:  GUIDEGuides are groups of information that are more lengthy or complex. Guides address specialist user needs in step-wise, bite-size chunks.While Quick Answers give a single, concise answer, Guides have multiple pages of information around a topic. Guides have "parts" (sub-topics) on the left-hand side, allowing you to quickly access the relevant information.Guides often encourage collaboration between departments to create a complete picture for the citizen user. E.g., a Guide on “Public Safety” would likely require collaboration between the Police Department, the Fire Department, Human Services, the Emergency Management Services department, etc.First Part“Part 1” of the Guide should contain the most important information that the majority of users will want to read – you can have an “Overview” but you don’t have to. Remember, every superfluous page we create is one more dead end for an angry, frustrated, confused user.If you do have an “Overview” page, the following parts should contain more specific information as well as content for niche audiences.PartsBreak content into parts based on expressed user needs (as well as the natural structure of the content).You don’t have to use parts. If you find that you only have 3 or 4 small parts in a Guide, consider simply having a page without parts where users can scroll.Each part should be a page. Each page should have similar amount of content so as to have consistent information design and be easy to parse visually.In each part:		stick to the title		resist temptation to provide information around the subject (especially superfluous advice)		use examples for complex calculations		stick to the common case – any edge cases can get put into a “Further Information” part at the end if you need one“Further Information” part:		This isn’t a dumping ground – content still needs to be useful; if you can't find a place for it, don’t use it		This part can include edge cases, as well as more information on how things are worked outA Guide should have no more than 7 parts. If a topic area has more sub-topics than 7, it should be broken down into two (or more) Guides. PointersUse an “inverted pyramid” approach with the most important information at the top tapering down to lesser detail.Paragraphs should have no more than 5 sentences each.Large blocks of text should be split by regular subheaders.Don't force a linear reading pattern. People should be able to read Part 4 before they read Part 2.Stick to an upper limit of roughly 750 words – with case-by-case exceptions (e.g., some Budget pages).Don't duplicate information but also don't assume people have read all parts of the Guide.You can link between different parts of a Guide.